core: Check for static spdlog library installation to ensure static linking. (#330)
y-scope/clp: components/core/CMakeLists.txt

endif()

# Find and setup spdlog
if(CLP_USE_STATIC_LIBS)

>     # NOTE: some Linux distribution (e.g. Ubuntu) spdlog packages only contains a dynamic library.
>     # If below `find_package(spdlog)` fails, re-run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # NOTE: On some Linux distribution (e.g. Ubuntu), the spdlog package only contains a dynamic
    # library. If the `find_package(spdlog)` call below fails, re-run
```
